[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
STUCK AS GAUKO
-[birds chirping]
-[ad lib comedy from TV]
[laughs]
[tummy growls]
I'm hungry.
Uh... Mmm.
[Naoko] Found some!
[laughing]
[Mom sighs]
-[laughs]
-[gasps]
[screams]
-These crackers are for guests!
-Huh?
Why did you take them without asking?
'Cause I didn't know.
You eat far too many snacks,
it’s unhealthy.
Aw, I’m perfectly healthy.
When I was your age, I was as fit
and limber as a ballerina.
Oh, really?
Well, after all these snacks,
you won't be very hungry for dinner.
Crackers and dinner
go in different stomachs!
Maybe if you’re a cow!
What do you mean?
Cows have four stomachs.
You could only have different stomachs
if you were a cow.
I thought you would’ve known that by now.
No wonder you get low scores
on your tests.
[Naoko] That has nothing
to do-o-o with it!
[Mom] You really "do-o-o" sound
like a cow! [laughs]
Grrrrr.
If the crackers are so important,
she should lock them up in a safe!
Now, now. If you stay irritated,
your skin is going to break out.
I think it already is.
Octopus, octopus!
Octopus balls
for your afternoon snack!
How about you ease that irritation
with some octopus balls?
But that also has bunch
of carbohydrates.
No worries! Octopus is carb-free!
Seriously?
No worries! Octopus have zero calories!
That's impossible.
[Miyako] Thanks for waiting!
-[kids] Wow!
-[Naoko] It looks so good!
I thought I smelled
the sweetness of sauce.
Octopus balls, eh?
Hi, Hosoi, what do you want?
Let me taste-test those octopus balls
for you.
Hey, don't do that!
Mmm. Crispy on the outside,
-moist on the inside. Thank you!
-[Naoko growls]
[Naoko shouts] Hey, there's none left!
[roars]
[yelps]
Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
[roars, breathes heavily]
Huh? Usually she changes back right away.
Maybe she’s still too angry.
Take some deep breaths.
[breathes deeply]
[inhales, gasps]
[Gauko] I know! I'll read some poetry
and calm myself.
Hello, Naoko!
Oh? You're already Gauko today.
Somehow, she's not changing
back to Naoko.
Won't change back?
Does that mean
I can't see the beautiful Naoko?
She'll turn back
once she calms down, babu.
Is that right?
Then I'll recite my poem of love to...
[deep voice] soothe you.
Oh, Naoko, Naoko.
You're my cup of cocoa...
No! Like the marshmallow in my cocoa.
Small and plump, small and plump,
small and--
[roars] Gau, gau!
Gauko punch!
[screeches] Goodbye, everyone!
[roars]
I'm not a cow!
And I really wanted those octopus balls!
[roars]
I'm not a marshmallow! [whimpers]
[breathes heavily]
I've not turned back.
-[Meow]
-Waah!
[panting]
[roar]
[man panting]
[panting]
Augh!
Oooh! Sorry about that!
-Oh?
-[growls]
Gauko? Wow, cool!
Just as I thought. Takashi Yamada!
How many times
are you going to hit me with that ball?
Can I have your autograph?
Stop annoying me!
[sighs]
[panting]
[gasps]
[Gatashi] Mmm. Mm.
Wow, look at those teeth.
Oh.
[Gatashi gasps]
-[Gatashi screams]
-[Gauko puffs]
[scoffs]
First ten customers get
toilet paper for ten yen!
Come on, it's first come, first served!
[grunts]
[squelching]
[cawing]
[exhilarating music playing]
[grunts]
[panting]
Croquettes are on sale!
MATSUI MEAT SHOP
Croquettes, croquettes!
[whispering] I don't want
Toshio to see me like this.
I'd like to buy some.
Okay.
I'll take three croquettes
and a fried meatball please.
Coming right up!
Huh? Was that Gauko?
[Gauko weeping] If I stay this way
I'll never be able to see Toshio again.
[panting, stomps]
-Welcome home.
-[door opens, closes]
[clock ticking]
[Gauko] Am I going to be Gauko forever?
I'll grow up as Gauko and...
[scolds in gibberish]
-[growls]
-[screams]
Hmm!
Did you wait long?
[roars]
Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it!
-[roars]
-[kid screams]
[Gauko] I don't want to live like that...
[Mom] Naoko! Dinner's ready!
[grunts]
Naoko?
[Naoko sighs]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[sighs]
[gasps]
I'm going to sing.
♪ My sweet Naoko ♪
♪ My angel ♪
♪ Thank you for being born ♪
♪ My treasure ♪
-♪ My Naoko... ♪
-Oh, stop. It's so embarrassing.
[laughs]
[both laugh]
[chuckles]
Let's eat.
Okay.
[Mom] We're having croquettes today.
Yay!
[zing]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪